Feature Management: add documentation (#78108)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/feature-management/index.md

---
description: Describes how admin users can manage feature toggles
keywords:
  - feature
  - toggle
labels:
  products:
    - enterprise
    - oss
title: Feature Toggles Management
weight: 900

> menuTitle: Feature Management

Author: Updated the title to Feature toggles as per Jack's suggestion, we refer to the **Feature Toggles** UI page below.

---

# Feature Toggles

Grafana incorporates feature toggles, enabling the introduction of new functionalities safeguarded by a control flag. This allows Grafana administrators the flexibility to determine the appropriate timing for enabling or disabling specific features.
For detailed insights into particular features and how they operate, please consult [Configure Feature Toggles](/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/feature-toggles/").

## Manage Feature Toggles

> In the Administration page, the Feature Management section enables administrators to see and switch the various features active in their Grafana environment. Based on the development stage of the feature, we establish specific options for visibility and customization.

Reviewer: Using bold formatting for UI elements/pages
In the last sentence I changed the wording because it sounds like something we're going to do in the future vs something that already exists.
```suggestion
In the **Administration** page, the **Feature Management** section enables administrators to see and switch the various features that are active in their Grafana environment. Based on the development stage of the feature, there are specific options for visibility and customization.
```

| Stage                | Visibility | Editable |
| -------------------- | ---------- | -------- |
| Experimental         | Hidden     | No       |

> | PrivatePreview       | Visible\*  | No       |
> | Public Preview       | Visible\*  | No       |
> | General Availability | Visible\*  | Yes\*    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Private preview       | Visible\*  | No       |
| Public preview       | Visible\*  | No       |
| General availability | Visible\*  | Yes\*    |
```

> **Note:** Options marked with an asterisk (\*) are defaults for the corresponding feature stage. Each feature toggle owner can override its default behaviour.

Reviewer 2: There is a shortcode for consistent admonitions: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/shortcodes/#admonition

Prefer U.S. English (behavior, not behaviour). 

```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Options marked with an asterisk (\*) are defaults for the corresponding feature stage.
Each feature toggle owner can override its default behavior.
{{< /admonition >}}
```

> **Note:** Options marked with an asterisk (\*) are defaults for the corresponding feature stage. Each feature toggle owner can override its default behaviour.

Reviewer: Using admonition shortcode
```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
Options marked with an asterisk (\*) are defaults for the corresponding feature stage. Each feature toggle owner can override its default behaviour.
{{% /admonition %}}
```

> ## Edit Feature Toggles State

Reviewer 2: Sentence casing

```suggestion
## Edit feature toggles
```

> Editing feature toggles is only allowed if Grafana is configured with the proper feature management settings, see [Configure Feature Management](/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/feature-toggles/#configure-feature-management").

Reviewer 2: Prefer "refer to" over "see".

```suggestion
You can only edit feature toggles if Grafana is configured with the proper feature management settings.
To configure feature management, refer to [Configure feature management](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/feature-toggles/#configure-feature-management).
```

> Editing feature toggles is only allowed if Grafana is configured with the proper feature management settings, see [Configure Feature Management](/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/feature-toggles/#configure-feature-management").

Reviewer: Changing this to active voice and adding a version syntax parameter so the system can always choose the appropriate version.
```suggestion
You can only edit feature toggles if Grafana is configured with the proper feature management settings. For more information, refer to [Configure Feature Management](/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/feature-toggles/#configure-feature-management").
```

Altering the state of a toggle may require restarting your Grafana instance, a process that could take a few minutes to complete.

> **To edit a feature toggle:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit a feature toggle, follow these steps:
```

1. Sign in to Grafana as a server administrator.

> 2. Click **Administration** in the left-side menu, **General**, and then **Feature Toggles**.

Reviewer: Confirm capitalization of "Feature toggles" in the UI and follow that.

> 3. Navigate the list of feature toggles and select your feature state overrides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to the list of feature toggles and select your feature state overrides.
```

> 1. Sign in to Grafana as a server administrator.
> 2. Click **Administration** in the left-side menu, **General**, and then **Feature Toggles**.
> 3. Navigate the list of feature toggles and select your feature state overrides.
> 4. Click **Save changes** and wait for your Grafana instance to restart with the updated feature toggles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to Grafana as a server administrator.
1. Click **Administration** in the left-side menu, **General**, and then **Feature Toggles**.
1. Navigate the list of feature toggles and select your feature state overrides.
1. Click **Save changes** and wait for your Grafana instance to restart with the updated feature toggles.
```

Our Markdown renderer will autoincrement the steps.
